Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. INDEX TO MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS Section Page General 33 Overview of Our Business 33 Executive Summary 35 Trends and Uncertainties 36 Overview of Consolidated Results 37 Overview of Segment Results 42 Foreign Operations 45 Business Combinations 45 Fiscal 202 7 Outlook 45 Critical Accounting Estimates 46 Financial Condition, Liquidity, and Capital Resources 51 Related Party Balances and Transactions 56 New Accounting Pronouncements 56 GENERAL Management’s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations, referred to as the “Financial Review,” is intended to assist the reader in the understanding and assessment of significant changes and trends related to the results of operations and financial position of McKesson Corporation together with its subsidiaries (collectively, the “Company,” “McKesson,” “we,” “our,” or “us” and other similar pronouns). This discussion and analysis should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and accompanying financial notes in Item 8 of Part II of this Annual Report on Form 10-K (“Annual Report”). Our fiscal year begins on April 1 and ends on March 31. Unless otherwise noted, all references to a particular year refer to our fiscal year. Our Financial Review within this Annual Report generally discusses fiscal 2026 and fiscal 2025 results and year-over-year comparisons between fiscal 2026 and fiscal 2025. For a discussion of our year-over-year comparisons between fiscal 2025 and fiscal 2024, refer to Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations of Part II of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended March 31, 2025, previously filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on May 9, 2025. Certain statements in this Annual Report constitute forward-looking statements. See Item 1 - Business - Forward-Looking Statements in Part I of this Annual Report for additional factors relating to these statements and Item 1A - Risk Factors in Part I of this Annual Report for a list of certain risk factors applicable to our business, financial condition and liquidity, and results of operations. Overview of Our Business: We are a diversified healthcare services leader dedicated to advancing health outcomes for patients everywhere. Our teams partner with biopharma companies, care providers, pharmacies, manufacturers, governments, and others to deliver insights, products, and services to help make quality care more accessible and affordable. We implemented a new segment reporting structure commencing in the second quarter of fiscal 2026, which resulted in four reportable segments: North American Pharmaceutical, Oncology & Multispecialty, Prescription Technology Solutions, and 33 Table of Contents MD&A Index McKESSON CORPORATION FINANCIAL REVIEW (Continued) Medical-Surgical Solutions. Our former Norwegian operations were included in Other. All prior segment information has been recast to reflect our new segment structure and current period presentation. Our organizational structure also includes Corporate, which consists of income and expenses associated with administrative functions and projects, as well as the results of certain investments. The factors for determining the reportable segments include the manner in which management evaluates the performance of the Company combined with the nature of individual business activities. We evaluate the performance of our operating segments on a number of measures, including revenues and operating profit before interest expense and income taxes. The following summarizes our four reportable segments. Refer to Financial Note 20, “Segments of Business,” to the consolidated financial statements included in this Annual Report for further information regarding our reportable segments. • North American Pharmaceutical segment provides distribution and logistics services for branded, generic, specialty, biosimilar, and over-the-counter pharmaceutical drugs along with other healthcare-related products to customers in the United States (“U.S.”) and Canada. In addition, the segment sells financial, operational, and clinical solutions to pharmacies (retail, hospital, alternate sites) and provides consulting, outsourcing, technological, and other services. The U.S. distribution operations were previously included in the former U.S. Pharmaceutical reportable segment and the Canadian operations were previously included in the former International reportable segment. • Oncology & Multispecialty segment includes provider solutions that encompass specialty drug distribution, group purchasing organizations, infusion services, direct to patient pharmacy capabilities, cell and gene therapy services with InspiroGene, technology solutions, practice consulting services, and vaccine distribution. In addition, the segment supports the U.S. Oncology Network, one of the largest networks of physician-led, integrated, community-based oncology practices dedicated to advancing high-quality, evidence-based cancer care in the U.S., and includes PRISM Vision Holdings, LLC (“PRISM Vision”), which drives patient outcomes in a retina and ophthalmology setting. Combined with Sarah Cannon Research Institute and our technology business, Ontada, this segment provides research, insights, technologies, and services that address and improve cancer and specialty care. This segment was previously reflected in the former U.S. Pharmaceutical reportable segment. • Prescription Technology Solutions segment combines automation and our ability to navigate the healthcare ecosystem to connect patients, pharmacies, providers, pharmacy benefit managers, health plans, and biopharma companies to address patients’ medication access, affordability, and adherence challenges. Prescription Technology Solutions offers technology services, which includes electronic prior authorization, prescription price transparency, benefit insight, dispensing support services, and patient enrollment, in addition to third-party logistics, and wholesale distribution support across various therapeutic categories and temperature ranges to biopharma customers throughout the product lifecycle. • Medical-Surgical Solutions segment provides medical-surgical, laboratory, and pharmaceutical distribution, logistics, and other services to U.S. healthcare providers operating in the non-acute settings. These include ambulatory care environments, such as physician offices, surgery centers, and hospital reference labs, as well as extended care settings, including nursing homes, hospice and home health care agencies, government facilities, and online marketplaces and retailers. This segment offers national brand medical-surgical products as well as our own line of more than 4,000 high-quality products through a network of distribution centers within the U.S. During fiscal 2026, we announced our intention to separate this segment into an independent company. As a part of the separation strategy, on April 20, 2026, we announced a definitive agreement under which funds managed by affiliates of Apollo Global Management, Inc. (“Apollo Funds”) will acquire approximately 13% minority ownership interest in our Medical‑Surgical Solutions segment through an investment of approximately $1.25 billion in the segment’s convertible preferred equity. The transaction is subject to regulatory approvals and customary closing conditions. Our former Norwegian operations, which provided distribution and services to wholesale and retail customers in Norway where we owned, partnered, or franchised with retail pharmacies, were included in Other. During fiscal 2026, we completed the transaction to sell our businesses in Norway (“Norway disposal group”). This divestiture is further described in the “Business Acquisitions and Divestitures” section below. 34 Table of Contents MD&A Index McKESSON CORPORATION FINANCIAL REVIEW (Continued) Business Acquisitions and Divestitures Norwegian Divestiture Activities On January 30, 2026, we completed the sale of our Norway disposal group for an adjusted purchase price of $821 million. We recorded a net gain of $480 million for the year ended March 31, 2026 in total operating expenses. The gain includes a $164 million loss related to the accumulated other comprehensive loss balances associated with the disposal group. PRISM Vision Holdings, LLC On April 1, 2025, we completed the acquisition of a controlling interest in PRISM Vision, a leading provider of general ophthalmology and retina administrative services. We acquired an 80% interest in PRISM Vision for $875 million in cash, and prior owners, including management and physicians in PRISM Vision practices, retained a 20% ownership interest. As of the acquisition date, the financial results of PRISM Vision are reported within our Oncology & Multispecialty segment. Community Oncology Revitalization Enterprise Ventures, LLC On June 2, 2025, we completed the acquisition of a controlling interest in Community Oncology Revitalization Enterprise Ventures, LLC (“Core Ventures”), a business and administrative services organization established by Florida Cancer Specialists & Research Institute, LLC, (“FCS”). We acquired a 70% controlling interest in Core Ventures for $2.5 billion in cash and FCS physicians retained a 30% ownership interest. As of the acquisition date, Core Ventures is a part of the Oncology platform and financial results are reported within our Oncology & Multispecialty segment. Refer to Financial Note 2, “Business Acquisitions and Divestitures,” to the consolidated financial statements included in this Annual Report for additional information regarding these transactions. Executive Summary: The following summary provides highlights and key factors that impacted our business, operating results, financial condition, and liquidity for the year ended March 31, 2026: • For the year ended March 31, 2026 compared to the prior year, revenues increased by 12%, gross profit increased by 9%, total operating expenses decreased by 6%, and other income, net increased by 17%. Refer to the “Overview of Consolidated Results” section below for an analysis of these changes; • Diluted earnings per common share attributable to McKesson Corporation increased to $38.38 in fiscal 2026 from $25.72 in the prior year; • For the year ended March 31, 2026, we recorded restructuring charges of $170 million related to an enterprise-wide initiative to drive operational efficiencies as further described in the “Restructuring Initiatives” section of “Overview of Consolidated Results” below; • On April 1, 2025, we completed the acquisition of a controlling interest in PRISM Vision for $875 million in cash, as discussed in further detail in the “ Business Acquisitions and Divestitures” section above; • On May 8, 2025, we entered into a syndicated $1.0 billion 364-Day senior unsecured credit facility (the “364-Day Credit Facility”) that was scheduled to mature in May 2026 but was terminated on April 24, 2026 and replaced with the 2026 5-Year Facility described in the “ Recent Developments” section below. Refer to Financial Note 11, “Debt and Financing Activities,” to the consolidated financial statements included in this Annual Report for additional information; • On May 30, 2025, we completed a public debt offering of 4.65% Notes due May 30, 2030 in a principal amount of $650 million, 4.95% Notes due May 30, 2032 in a principal amount of $650 million, and 5.25% Notes due May 30, 2035 in a principal amount of $700 million, for total proceeds received, net of discounts and debt offering expenses, of 2.0 billion. The net proceeds from these notes in addition to cash on hand were utilized to fund the purchase of our interest in Core Ventures. Refer to Financial Note 11, “Debt and Financing Activities,” to the consolidated financial statements included in this Annual Report for additional information; • On June 2, 2025, we completed the acquisition of a controlling interest in Core Ventures for $2.5 billion in cash, as discussed in further detail in the “ Business Acquisitions and Divestitures” section above; 35 Table of Contents MD&A Index McKESSON CORPORATION FINANCIAL REVIEW (Continued) • On November 14, 2025, our €600 million outstanding principal amount of 1.50% Notes matured and were repaid using cash on hand; • On December 3, 2025, our $500 million outstanding principal amount of 0.90% Notes matured and were repaid using cash on hand; • On January 30, 2026, we completed the sale of our Norway disposal group, as discussed in further detail in the “ Business Acquisitions and Divestitures” section above; • During fiscal 2026, we returned $5.1 billion of cash to shareholders through $4.8 billion of common stock repurchases and $381 million of dividend payments. The total remaining authorization outstanding for repurchases of the Company’s common stock at March 31, 2026 was $2.7 billion; and • On July 29, 2025, our Board of Directors (the “Board”) raised our quarterly dividend to $0.82 from $0.71 per share of common stock. Recent Developments: The following highlights events that impacted our business subsequent to March 31, 2026: • On April 1, 2026, certain of our subsidiaries within the Medical-Surgical Solutions segment entered into a syndicated credit agreement for: a $750 million principal senior secured term loan due in 2031 and a $250 million principal senior secured term loan due in 2028, for total proceeds received, net of discounts and debt offering expenses, of $993 million; and a $1.0 billion senior secured revolving credit facility scheduled to mature in April 2031. Refer to Financial Note 11, “Debt and Financing Activities,” to the consolidated financial statements included in this Annual Report for additional information; • During fiscal 2026, we announced our intention to separate our Medical-Surgical Solutions segment into an independent company. As a part of the separation strategy, on April 20, 2026, we announced a definitive agreement under which Apollo Funds will acquire approximately 13% minority ownership interest in our Medical‑Surgical Solutions segment through an investment of approximately $1.25 billion in the segment’s convertible preferred equity. This transaction is subject to regulatory approvals and customary closing conditions; • On April 24, 2026, we terminated our 2022 revolving credit facility and our 364-Day credit facility and entered into a new Credit Agreement (the “2026 Credit Facility”) that provides a syndicated $5.0 billion senior unsecured credit facility with a $4.5 billion aggregate sublimit of availability in Canadian dollars, British pound sterling, and Euro. The 2026 Credit Facility is scheduled to mature in April 2031. Refer to Financial Note 11, “Debt and Financing Activities,” to the consolidated financial statements included in this Annual Report for additional information; and • On April 29, 2026, the Board approved the Company to repurchase up to an additional $5.0 billion shares of common stock to a total authorization of $7.7 billion as of April 2026. Trends and Uncertainties: Government Policies As described in “Item 1. Government Regulation” and “Item 1A - Risk Factors” in Part I of this Annual Report, our industry is highly regulated and is subject to risks and uncertainty caused by the volume and speed of changes to regulatory policies. Changes in regulatory posture and law may result in significant changes in healthcare policy, government funding of healthcare costs, and other laws affecting our operations, but the ultimate outcomes are difficult to predict. 36 Table of Contents MD&A Index McKESSON CORPORATION FINANCIAL REVIEW (Continued) RESULTS OF OPERATIONS Overview of Consolidated Results: (In millions, except per share data) Years Ended March 31, 2026 2025 Change Revenues $ 403,430 $ 359,051 12 % Gross profit 14,550 13,323 9 Gross profit margin 3.61 % 3.71 % (10) bp Total operating expenses $ (8,338) $ (8,901) (6) % Total operating expenses as a percentage of revenues 2.07 % 2.48 % (41) bp Other income, net $ 236 $ 202 17 % Interest expense (247) (265) (7) Income before income taxes 6,201 4,359 42 Income tax expense (1,102) (878) 26 Reported income tax rate 17.8 % 20.1 % (230) bp Net income 5,099 3,481 46 Net income attributable to noncontrolling interests (337) (186) 81 Net income attributable to McKesson Corporation $ 4,762 $ 3,295 45 % Diluted earnings per common share attributable to McKesson Corporation $ 38.38 $ 25.72 49 % Weighted-average diluted common shares outstanding 124.1 128.1 (3) % Any percentage changes displayed above which are not meaningful are displayed as zero percent. bp - basis point Revenues Revenues increased for the year ended March 31, 2026 compared to the prior year largely due to market growth in our North American Pharmaceutical segment, including higher volumes primarily from retail national account customers. Market growth includes growing drug utilization and newly launched products, partially offset by branded to generic drug conversion and branded pharmaceutical price decreases. Revenue growth was also favorably impacted by growth in our Oncology & Multispecialty segment primarily due to higher specialty pharmaceutical sales. Gross Profit Gross profit increased for the year ended March 31, 2026 compared to the prior year primarily due to growth in our Oncology & Multispecialty segment, driven by the addition of providers in practice management and growth of specialty pharmaceuticals, and in our Prescription Technology Solutions segment driven by higher volumes. Gross profit for the years ended March 31, 2026 and 2025 included gains of $23 million and $444 million, respectively, representing our share of antitrust legal settlements. We recognized these amounts within "Cost of sales" in the Consolidated Statements of Operations within our North American Pharmaceutical segment. Gross profit for the years ended March 31, 2026 and 2025 also included a last-in, first-out (“LIFO”) credit of $210 million and charge of $82 million, respectively. The LIFO credit in fiscal 2026 was primarily due to brand deflation compared to the prior year charge which was primarily due to brand inflation. Refer to the “Critical Accounting Estimates” section included in this Financial Review for further information regarding the use of the LIFO method of accounting within our North American Pharmaceutical business. 37 Table of Contents MD&A Index McKESSON CORPORATION FINANCIAL REVIEW (Continued) Gross profit for the year ended March 31, 2025 was impacted by an inventory impairment charge of $58 million related to restructuring initiatives to drive operational efficiencies and increase cost optimization efforts as discussed in Financial Note 3, “Restructuring, Impairment, and Related Charges, Net,” to the consolidated financial statements in this Annual Report. We recorded this amount within "Cost of sales" in the Consolidated Statements of Operations within our North American Pharmaceutical segment. Total Operating Expenses A summary and description of the components of our total operating expenses for the years ended March 31, 2026 and 2025 is as follows: • Selling, distribution, general, and administrative expenses (“SDG&A”): consists of personnel costs, transportation costs, depreciation and amortization, lease costs, professional fee expenses, administrative expenses, provision for bad debts and related recoveries, gains and losses on the sale of certain businesses, remeasurement charges to fair value less costs to sell, and other general charges. • Claims and litigation charges, net: These charges include adjustments for estimated probable settlements related to our controlled substance monitoring and reporting, and opioid-related claims, as well as any applicable income items or credit adjustments due to subsequent changes in estimates. Legal fees to defend claims, which are expensed as incurred, are included within SDG&A. • Restructuring, impairment, and related charges, net: Charges recorded under this component include those incurred for programs in which we change our operations, the scope of a business undertaken by our business units, or the manner in which that business is conducted, as well as long-lived asset impairments. Years Ended March 31, (Dollars in millions) 2026 2025 Change Selling, distribution, general, and administrative expenses $ 8,096 $ 8,507 (5) % Claims and litigation charges, net (3) 108 (103) Restructuring, impairment, and related charges, net 245 286 (14) Total operating expenses $ 8,338 $ 8,901 (6) % Percent of revenues 2.07 % 2.48 % (41) bp Any percentage changes displayed above which are not meaningful are displayed as zero percent. bp - basis point Total operating expenses and total operating expenses as a percentage of revenues decreased for the year ended March 31, 2026 compared to the prior year. Total operating expenses for the years ended March 31, 2026 and 2025 were affected by the following significant items: Fiscal 2026 • SDG&A includes a net gain of $480 million related to the sale of our Norway disposal group. The net gain includes a $164 million loss related to the accumulated other comprehensive loss balances associated with this disposal. Of the total net gain recorded during the period, a gain of $503 million is included within Other and a net charge of $23 million is included within Corporate expenses, net; • SDG&A includes net charges of $77 million related to our planned separation of the Medical‑Surgical Solutions segment; • SDG&A was impacted by lower operating expenses from the completed divestiture of our Canadian retail disposal group in fiscal 2025, as discussed in more detail in Financial Note 2, “Business Acquisitions and Divestitures,” to the consolidated financial statements included in this Annual Report; • SDG&A was impacted by higher operating expenses related to the acquisitions completed during fiscal 2026, as discussed in more detail in Financial Note 2, “Business Acquisitions and Divestitures,” to the consolidated financial statements included in this Annual Report; and 38 Table of Contents MD&A Index McKESSON CORPORATION FINANCIAL REVIEW (Continued) • Restructuring, impairment, and related charges, net of $245 million, are discussed below under “Restructuring Initiatives” as well as Financial Note 3, “Restructuring, Impairment, and Related Charges, Net,” to the consolidated financial statements included in this Annual Report. Fiscal 2025 • SDG&A includes charges of $667 million to remeasure the sale of our Rexall and Well.ca businesses in Canada (“Canadian retail disposal group”) to fair value less costs to sell. The remeasurement adjustment includes a $48 million loss related to the accumulated other comprehensive loss balances associated with this disposal. Of the total charges recorded during the period, $605 million were included within our North American Pharmaceutical segment and $62 million were included within Corporate expenses, net; • SDG&A includes a credit of $206 million related to the bankruptcy of our customer Rite Aid Corporation (including certain of its subsidiaries, “Rite Aid”); • Claims and litigation charges, net primarily consists of a charge of $108 million related to our estimated liability for opioid-related claims as discussed in Financial Note 17, “Commitments and Contingent Liabilities,” to the consolidated financial statements included in this Annual Report; and • Restructuring, impairment, and related charges, net of $286 million, are discussed below under “Restructuring Initiatives” as well as Financial Note 3, “Restructuring, Impairment, and Related Charges, Net,” to the consolidated financial statements included in this Annual Report. Goodwill Impairment We evaluate goodwill for impairment on an annual basis in the first fiscal quarter, and at an interim date if indicators of potential impairment exist. The annual impairment testing performed in fiscal 2026 and fiscal 2025 did not indicate any impairment of goodwill, and no goodwill impairment charges were recorded in fiscal 2026 and fiscal 2025. However, other risks, expenses, and future developments, such as government actions, increased regulatory uncertainty, and material changes in key market assumptions limit our ability to estimate projected cash flows, which could adversely affect the fair value of various reporting units in future periods. Refer to “Critical Accounting Estimates” included in this financial review for further information. Restructuring Initiatives We recorded restructuring, impairment, and related charges of $245 million and $286 million for the years ended March 31, 2026 and 2025, respectively. These charges were included in “Restructuring, impairment, and related charges, net” in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. During the fourth quarter of fiscal 2026, we approved an initiative within our Prescription Technology Solutions segment to increase operational efficiencies and cost optimization efforts, with the intent of aligning with our long-term strategy. This initiative includes headcount reductions, the exit or downsizing of certain facilities, and other costs. We anticipate total charges between $200 million and $250 million, consisting primarily of employee severance and other employee-related costs, and facility and other exit-related costs, including long-lived asset impairments. We recorded immaterial charges in fourth quarter of fiscal 2026 associated with this initiative. This program is anticipated to be substantially complete by the end of fiscal 2029. During the second quarter of fiscal 2025, we approved enterprise-wide initiatives to modernize and accelerate our technology service operating model, which were intended to improve business continuity, compliance, operating efficiency, and advance investments to streamline the organization. These initiatives include cost reduction efforts and support other rationalization efforts within Corporate, and the Medical-Surgical Solutions and North American Pharmaceutical segments to help realize long-term sustainable growth. We anticipate total charges related to these initiatives of $650 million to $700 million, consisting primarily of employee severance and other employee-related costs as well as facility, exit and other related costs, including long-lived asset impairments. These programs are anticipated to be substantially complete in fiscal 2028. For the year ended March 31, 2026, we recorded charges of $170 million related to the initiatives, which primarily includes facility, exit and other related costs as well as severance and other employee-related costs recorded within “Restructuring, impairment, and related charges, net” in the Consolidated Statement of Operations. For the year ended March 31, 2025, we recorded charges of $240 million related to the initiatives, which primarily included severance and other employee-related costs as well as facility, exit and other related costs, including long-lived asset impairments recorded within “Restructuring, impairment, and related charges, net” in the Consolidated Statement of Operations, and $58 million for the year 39 Table of Contents MD&A Index McKESSON CORPORATION FINANCIAL REVIEW (Continued) ended March 31, 2025 related to inventory impairments recorded within “Cost of sales” in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. Refer to Financial Note 3, “Restructuring, Impairment, and Related Charges, Net,” to the consolidated financial statements included in this Annual Report for more information. Other Income, Net Other income, net increased for the year ended March 31, 2026 compared to the prior year primarily due to prior year charges of $87 million related to the termination of the U.K. pension plan, a prior year loss of $43 million related to one of our equity method investments, and a favorable year-over-year impact from interest income, partially offset by a prior year net gain of $101 million related to our investments in equity securities of certain U.S. growth stage companies in the healthcare industry. Interest Expense Interest expense decreased for the year ended March 31, 2026 compared to the prior year primarily due to changes in our derivative portfolio in fiscal 2026 and increased capitalized interest from higher capital spending, partially offset by interest from increased average balances of the Company’s loan portfolio in fiscal 2026. Interest expense may fluctuate based on timing, amounts, and interest rates of term debt repaid and new term debt issued, amounts and interest rates of commercial paper borrowings, as well as amounts incurred associated with financing fees. Refer to Financial Note 11 , “ Debt and Financing Activities ,” to the consolidated financial statements included in this Annual Report for more information. Income Tax Expense We recorded income tax expense of $1.1 billion and $878 million for the years ended March 31, 2026 and 2025, respectively. Our income tax rates were 17.8% and 20.1% in 2026 and 2025, respectively. Fluctuations in our reported income tax rates are primarily due to changes in our business mix of earnings between various taxing jurisdictions and recognized discrete tax items. Refer to Financial Note 6, “Income Taxes,” to the consolidated financial statements included in this Annual Report for more information. Net Income Attributable to Noncontrolling Interests Net income attributable to noncontrolling interests for the years ended March 31, 2026 and 2025 primarily represents the proportionate results of third-party equity interests in ClarusONE Sourcing Services LLP, Vantage Oncology Holdings, LLC, and SCRI Oncology, LLC. Noncontrolling interests with redemption features, such as put rights, that are not solely within our control are considered redeemable noncontrolling interests, and ar